ACM-8217: add important notes (#5668)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/configure_hosted_aws.adoc

You can deploy hosted control planes by configuring an existing cluster to function as a hosting cluster. The hosting cluster is the {ocp} cluster where the control planes are hosted. {product-title-short} 2.9 can use the hub cluster, also known as the `local-cluster`, as the hosting cluster. See the following topics to learn how to configure the `local-cluster` as the hosting cluster.

*Important:* 

- Run the hub cluster and workers on the same platform for hosted control planes.

- Each hosted cluster must have a unique name in order for {mce-short} to manage it.

> - A hosted cluster cannot be created in a {mce-short} managed cluster's namespace.

Reviewer: Suggesting a revision here, as I believe the RHACM doc team avoids using possessives for non-human entities (i.e., "the cluster's namespace"). 
```suggestion
- A hosted cluster cannot be created in the namespace of a {mce-short} managed cluster.
```
